Oh
good job drop your mark oh hello
their own for you
yeah still like people invite you to go
I'm a shy person always quiet with in
there with
I mean there's something here for
everybody I mean no matter what play
bluegrass old time there's always
something here you need to do
coming to galax for 26 27 years I played
two different stints briefly with Jimmy
Martin and the sunny Mountain Boys
sometimes I wish I could just lay it off
on it and go be a lawyer or something
I'm a mechanical engineer and I work for
General Electric gas turbines in
Greenville South Carolina i have a
masters from columbia in social work and
i played the banjo and i drool